# cse535-mc-startercode
CSE535 - Mobile Computing @ IIITD: Starter Code for Sample Assignment on GitHub classroom

## Assignment Details
Create COVID-19 Precautions Android app with the first activity having a form containing TextViews and EditText boxes asking user to enter his/her Name, and checkboxes showing 5 pre-cutionary measures against the virus spread. They are 1) Wearing a mask when outside 2) Washing hands frequently, 3) Maintaining 2 feet distnce 4) Covering nose and mouth while sneezing and coughing 5) Taking health diets.  The user should be able select the precautions he is taking. It should will also contain Submit and Clear buttons, with Submit Button it will show the users the entered information in another activity. In that activity, there will be be a button to check whether the user should be safe if he follows all 5 precautions. This state should be returned to the first activity with remebering the details that was selected earlier and showcase if the user is safe. Now, with Clear Button it will allow the user to clear the form in the first activity. Make sure that the app is robust across rotation.

For each change in the state of the Activities, it should LOG in type INFO and provide a Toast showing the change in the state. For example, if the state of first activity the changes from Resumed to Paused, the log should contain INFO statement saying “State of activity <name_of_the_activity> changed from Resumed to Paused”, similarly for the Toast. The app should LOG and provide Toast for all possible state transitions for each activity. 
